added more details about how to ask a good question on RC (#48)
bcgov/devhub-resources: resources/community/rocketchat.md

# Leveraging Rocket.Chat

> Rocket.Chat a community building and team messaging tool. The [BCGOV rocket.chat](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca) is used by people in the BC Public Service who are building digital products and learning how to work a as a community to build the best practices of digital government in BC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rocket.Chat is a community building and team messaging tool. The [BCGOV rocket.chat](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca) is used by people in the BC Public Service who are building digital products and learning how to work a as a community to build the best practices of digital government in BC.
```

1. **What cluster and namespace are having the problem?** Make sure you provide the `a1b2c3-env` formatted namespace name here. If you want to provide an app name too, that's great, but the community can provide much more effective help if we know where exactly to find the problem.
1. **What tool are you using?** If you're working with a specific platform tool, make sure you let us know which one. 
1. **What behaviour did you expect?** What was it you were trying to do? Were you building? Deploying? Mounting a PVC? Backing up a database? Let us know what it was you were trying to do and what outcome you expected.
1. **What actually happened?** So now that we know what was *supposed* to happen, tell us all about what *did* happen. Did the build fail? Did the pod enter CrashLoopBackoff instead of starting up properly? Tell us where it all went wrong.

> 1. **Include any error messages.** When something fails, chances are that there's an error message around somewhere that can tell you a little about why it failed. Make sure you include those when asking for help. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Include any error messages.** When something fails, chances are that there's an error message around somewhere that can tell you a little about why it failed. Make sure you include those when asking for help. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC by wrapping them in three backticks (`` ``` ``)!
```
That should render properly in markdown? `` ``` ``

> 1. **Include any error messages.** When something fails, chances are that there's an error message around somewhere that can tell you a little about why it failed. Make sure you include those when asking for help. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC! And if you can't find an error message anywhere, tell us that, too (and tell us where you looked).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Include any error messages.** When something fails, chances are that there's an error message around somewhere that can tell you a little about why it failed. Make sure you include those when asking for help. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC by wrapping them in three backticks (`` ``` ``)! And if you can't find an error message anywhere, tell us that, too (and tell us where you looked).
```
That should render properly in markdown? `` ``` ``

1. **What tool are you trying to use?** Make sure you let the community know which tool seems to be causing the problem.
1. **What machine are you using when you have the problem?** Are you using a Windows machine, a Mac, an iPhone, an Android, or something else altogether? What version of the application are you using? If the problem tool is a web app, what browser are you using to access it? More detail is better - telling us that you're using Chrome is good, but telling us that you're using Chrome Version 89.0.4389.90 is even better. Have you tried to use the tool on a different machine or browser? If so, what happened?
1. **What steps brought you to the problem?** Once again, more detail is better - telling us "I was trying to log into RC and got an error" is okay, but "I was trying to log into RC with my Github account, and I got to the page where it asks me to pick IDIR or Github, but when I clicked on IDIR, the next page was an error message" is much, much better.

> 1. **Include any error messages.** If an error message comes up, copy-paste or screenshot the error and provide it as part of your question - they can often provide a lot of insight into the specific reason for the problem. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Include any error messages.** If an error message comes up, copy-paste or screenshot the error and provide it as part of your question - they can often provide a lot of insight into the specific reason for the problem. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC by wrapping them in three backticks (`` ``` ``)!
```

> 1. **What exactly is the problem you're seeing?** If an error message comes up, copy-paste or screenshot the error and provide it as part of your question - they can often provide a lot of insight into the specific reason for the problem. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC! If there isn't any kind of error message, tell us what you saw instead and why it's a bad thing. Did you find yourself on a blank white page with no content at all? Or maybe you were looking for an article on DevHub and, while the header loaded just fine, there were no words where the article is supposed to be. Or maybe you clicked a link and got taken to a page with plenty of content, but the content isn't what the link claimed it would be. What exactly went wrong? As always, more detail is better!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **What exactly is the problem you're seeing?** If an error message comes up, copy-paste or screenshot the error and provide it as part of your question - they can often provide a lot of insight into the specific reason for the problem. Tip: put error messages into code blocks to make them easier to read in RC by wrapping them in three backticks (`` ``` ``)! If there isn't any kind of error message, tell us what you saw instead and why it's a bad thing. Did you find yourself on a blank white page with no content at all? Or maybe you were looking for an article on DevHub and, while the header loaded just fine, there were no words where the article is supposed to be. Or maybe you clicked a link and got taken to a page with plenty of content, but the content isn't what the link claimed it would be. What exactly went wrong? As always, more detail is better!
```
